c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\yoseMVC.dll.config
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\yoseMVC.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\yoseMVC.pdb
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.xml
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\obj\Debug\yoseMVC.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\obj\Debug\yoseMVC.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\obj\Debug\yoseMVC.pdb
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\Owin.dll
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\Users\Admin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\yose\yoseMVC\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\yoseMVC.dll.config
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\yoseMVC.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\yoseMVC.pdb
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\obj\Debug\yoseMVC.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\obj\Debug\yoseMVC.dll
C:\Users\Admin\Documents\net\YoseTheGameDotNet\yoseMVC\obj\Debug\yoseMVC.pdb
